---
tags:
  - jiangbu
---
# Session 1

- start play as party walks up to Yating's, sees that it's been completely trashed by someone: door off its hinges, windows busted in, tables thrown everywhere, scorch marks on the wall, floor in disarray
- as they stand there, hear footsteps approaching and voices saying "we showed that old woman what's what" --- the thugs who had beaten her up, returning for some reason
- party decides to hide to see what they're up to. they all run into the kitchen, with Atka in a barrel (with a peephole), Zo in cold storage (with door cracked) and Bao in some under-table cabinets (with door cracked)
- the thugs come into the shop and are rummaging through things, talking about how they need to find anything with ties to the spirit: armband, story, painting, anything
- two enter and start looking through the kitchen. Zo peeks out and tries to shoot a jet of fire to start the range up, to distract the thugs (make it seem like the range keeps turning on), but misjudges the distance and shoots too far. she would've caught the shirt of one of them on fire, but Bao sees what's happening (locking eyes with Zo briefly) and shifts the earth under the thug's feet, causing them to stumble out of the way and into the other one.
- after a bit of "hey I'm rummaging here", someone in the other room shouts "I think I found what we need", and they all head back outside
- the party goes out the back and climbs up onto the roof, running along about half a block behind the thugs to see where they're going. Atka is not good at this, so Bao earthbends the terracotta tiles in a wavelike motion to help give them extra momentum
- Atka is trying to find the thing they took, since it has connection to a spirit. the thugs turn a corner and cross underneath Atka as he gets flung from roof to roof, and he realizes that the one in the lead is carrying a scroll tucked into his sash. he doesn't quite stick the landing though (Bao messed up her roll) and as he lands on the roof, one of the tiles slips off and crashes onto the street below
- the thugs turn around, follow the path of the tile back and see the companions on the yelling, "hey, you". Bao says "Hi!", then Zo steps forward and goes "hey peepants, does beating up an old woman make you feel big?"
- Zo whiffs that roll and realizes a beat too late that the lead thug is actually Uncle Hanko, who says "Zo? What the hell are you doing up there?"
    - Zo: "you wouldn't understand!" out of character: I need to proove that I can do good, even if the Fire Nation is not doing so
    - Hanako: "come down from there. your father is worried sick about you! why don't you come back with me to Torch Town, your family misses you"
    - Zo: "no! I know what you're doing and I want no part of it"
    - Hanako: "what we're doing? we're just working to expand the Fire Nation, like you always wanted to"
- as this is going on, Atka ice slides down from the roof and walks up to the thugs, going "can I just get that scroll back. it's not yours, you took it, and I'd like it back". he's boxed out by some guards
- eventually, he gets tired of this and stealthily shoots out a water tentacle to yoink the scroll out from Hanako's belt. he grabs it and starts to walk away. they give chase, he turns the water on the ground into ice and slides away as they slip and fall on their face
- they chase him through the city, with Zo and Bao following on the roof, until they reach Atka's canoe in the harbor. they're surrounded by the thugs, without enough time to get into the canoe
- Bao tries to convince Atka that they should burn the scroll, but eventually they decide to fake Hanako out -- Atka throws Zo the container the scroll was in, which he hides behind his back, and she inserts her grandmother's tea painting. she threatens to burn it, with Hanako saying "the Zo I know wouldn't do anything so rash, just give us the scroll."
- they come to a deal, with Zo leaving the fake scroll, encased in ice, on the pier, and Hanako letting Zo and her companions leave in the canoe. he promises not to give chase or tell anyone about seeing her
- as they get away, they hear a scream of frustration as their deception is realized
- they boat slowly over to a warehouse on the edge of town that Zo has been staying in. on the way, Atka tries to draw Zo out, asking her about the painting, but gets shut down brusquely and they spend the rest of the trip in awkward silence
- they get to the warehouse (Atka: "wow this is a nice hut for your pet"), and Zo makes some space from them among the utilitarian camping set up they've got (we see crumbled up remnants of Zo's attempts at tea painting scattered around)
- they open the scroll and (after some info-gathering rolls) see Weishan (a giant, ethereal blue owl moose) appearing to a human at the water's source / spring at the top of the mountain on the first full moon of spring, which is in 3 days time. the danger, they realize, is that a spirit is vulnerable when it materializes, as it can be harmed then. and if Weishan is Jiangbu's protector spirit, helping them stay prosperous and safe (in return for not exploiting the iron veins found in the mountain), then it might be a target for Hanako...
- the session ends with the three of them making their way upriver to the mountain, Bao and Zo rowing while Atka waterbends, singing a out-of-tune catchy song that Zo finds annoying but eventually starts humming along to
